## Capability Maturity Model
##### The Capability Maturity Model was originally developed as a tool for objectively assessing the ability of governement contractors processes to implement a contracted software project. The early model is best described as the framework of IEEE Software. and later in he 1989 book Managing the Software Process by Watts Humphrey. It was later published in a report in 1993 and as a book by the same authors in 1995. The CMM model's application in software development has sometimes been problematic. Applying multiple models that are not integrated within and across an organization could be costly in training, appraisals, and improvement activities.
#### The CMM was originally intended as a tool to evaluate the ability of government contractors to perform a contracted software project. Though it comes from the area of software development, it can be, has been, and continues to be widely applied as a general model of the maturity of process in IS/IT and other organizations.

### Maturity Level 1 - Initial
#### At maturity level 1, processes are usually chaotic. The organization usually does not provide a stable environment. Success in these organizations depends on the competence and heroics of the people in the organization and not on the use of proven process. Organizations often produce products and services that work but most of the time they exceed there budget and schedule.

### Maturity Level 5 - Optimizing
#### At maturity level 5, an organization has achieved all the specific goals of the process areas assigned to maturity levels 2, 3, 4, and 5 and the generic goals assigned to maturity levels 2 and 3. Level 5 focuses on continually improving process performance through both incremental and innovative technological improvements Optimizing processes that are agile and innovative depends on the participation of an empowered workforce aligned with the business values and objectives of the organization. The organization's ability to rapidly respond to changes and opportunities is enhanced by finding ways to accelerate and share learning.
